README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="http://openui5.org">
    <img width="500"
      src="http://openui5.org/images/OpenUI5_new_big_side.png">
  </a>
  <h1>Awesome UI5</h1>
  <p>:sparkles: A curated list of awesome components, tools, guides and experiments around the SAPUI5/OpenUI5 framework.</p>
</div>

### Table of Contents
#### OpenUI5
- [Official Resources](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#official-resources)
- [Community](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#community)
- [Guides](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#guides)
  - [Custom Controls](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#custom-controls)
  - [Operations](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#operations)
- [Developer Tools](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#developer-tools)
  - [Boilerplate](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#boilerplate)
  - [Develop](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#develop)
  - [Build and Deploy](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#build-and-deploy)
  - [Debug](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#debug)
- [Conferences](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#conferences)

### OpenUI5
#### Official Resources
- [Website](http://openui5.org)
- [Blog](http://openui5.tumblr.com/)
- [API Docs](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/)
- [Control Samples](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/controls)
- [Demo Apps](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/demoapps)
- [Tools](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/tools)
- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/SAP/openui5)
- [Versions & Maintenance Schedule](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/versionoverview.html)

#### Community
- [Slack](http://slackui5invite.herokuapp.com/)
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/sapui5)
- [SAP Community Forum](https://www.sap.com/community/tag.html?id=500983881501772639608291559920477)
- [UI5Lab – Community-Driven Custom Components](http://ui5lab.io/)

#### Guides
- [UI5 and PhoneGap](http://jmurray.me/ui5-and-phonegap-first-steps-1-of-3/)
- [Custom Icon Fonts](https://blogs.sap.com/2015/11/02/enhance-ui5-app-with-custom-icon-fonts/)
- [SAPUI5 Application Startup Performance – Best Practices](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/10/29/sapui5-application-startup-performance-best-practices/)
- [How to build a Progressive Web App with OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-pwa-sample)

##### Custom Controls
- [How to create a Custom UI5 Control](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/07/18/how-to-create-a-custom-ui5-control/)
- [UI5 Custom Controls with Aggregation](https://blogs.sap.com/2017/03/25/ui5-custom-controls-with-aggregation/)
- [Creating a Custom Control Library Part 1](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/12/15/sapui5-custom-control-library-web-ide-development-deployment-to-hcp-and-to-on-premise-abap-repository.-part-1./) | [Part 2](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/12/20/sapui5-custom-control-library-web-ide-development-deployment-to-hcp-and-to-on-premise-abap-repository.-part-2./)

##### Operations
- [CI/CD Best Practices for UI5 on SAP Cloud Platform](https://www.sap.com/developer/tutorials/ci-best-practices-fiori-sapcp.html)
- [CI/CD Best Practices for UI5 on ABAP Front-End Server](https://www.sap.com/developer/tutorials/ci-best-practices-fiori-abap.html)

#### Developer Tools
##### Boilerplate
- [OpenUI5 Gulp Starter Kit](https://github.com/pulseshift/openui5-gulp-starter-kit)

##### Develop
- [UI5 Autocomplete with Tern](https://github.com/TimoSta/tern-openui5)
- [UI5 Plugin for IntelliJ WebStorm](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10322-sap-open-ui5-development-plugin)
- [UI5 Plugin for Sublime Text](https://github.com/qmacro/SublimeUI5)
- [UI5 Plugin for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=milannankov.vscode-ui5)
- [OData Explorer](https://openui5.blogspot.com/2017/12/odata-explorer.html)
- [UI5 XML Schemas](https://github.com/ui5experts/ui5-schemas)

##### Build and Deploy
- [Grunt OpenUI5 Plugin (official)](https://github.com/SAP/grunt-openui5)
- [Grunt NW ABAP UI5 Uploader](https://www.npmjs.com/package/grunt-nwabap-ui5uploader)
- [Webpack OpenUI5 Plugin](https://github.com/cevou/openui5-webpack)

##### Debug
- [UI5 Inspector for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ui5-inspector/bebecogbafbighhaildooiibipcnbngo?hl=en)

#### Conferences
- [UI5con](http://openui5.org/ui5con/index.html)
- [UI5con on Twitter](https://twitter.com/ui5con)

Commit message:

Add export to Plunker guide

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="http://openui5.org">
    <img width="500"
      src="http://openui5.org/images/OpenUI5_new_big_side.png">
  </a>
  <h1>Awesome UI5</h1>
  <p>:sparkles: A curated list of awesome components, tools, guides and experiments around the SAPUI5/OpenUI5 framework.</p>
</div>

### Table of Contents
#### OpenUI5
- [Official Resources](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#official-resources)
- [Community](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#community)
- [Guides](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#guides)
  - [Custom Controls](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#custom-controls)
  - [Operations](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#operations)
- [Developer Tools](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#developer-tools)
  - [Boilerplate](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#boilerplate)
  - [Develop](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#develop)
  - [Build and Deploy](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#build-and-deploy)
  - [Debug](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#debug)
- [Conferences](https://github.com/TimoSta/awesome-ui5#conferences)

### OpenUI5
#### Official Resources
- [Website](http://openui5.org)
- [Blog](http://openui5.tumblr.com/)
- [API Docs](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/)
- [Control Samples](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/controls)
- [Demo Apps](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/demoapps)
- [Tools](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/#/tools)
- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/SAP/openui5)
- [Versions & Maintenance Schedule](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/versionoverview.html)

#### Community
- [Slack](http://slackui5invite.herokuapp.com/)
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/sapui5)
- [SAP Community Forum](https://www.sap.com/community/tag.html?id=500983881501772639608291559920477)
- [UI5Lab – Community-Driven Custom Components](http://ui5lab.io/)

#### Guides
- [UI5 and PhoneGap](http://jmurray.me/ui5-and-phonegap-first-steps-1-of-3/)
- [Custom Icon Fonts](https://blogs.sap.com/2015/11/02/enhance-ui5-app-with-custom-icon-fonts/)
- [SAPUI5 Application Startup Performance – Best Practices](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/10/29/sapui5-application-startup-performance-best-practices/)
- [How to build a Progressive Web App with OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-pwa-sample)

##### Custom Controls
- [How to create a Custom UI5 Control](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/07/18/how-to-create-a-custom-ui5-control/)
- [UI5 Custom Controls with Aggregation](https://blogs.sap.com/2017/03/25/ui5-custom-controls-with-aggregation/)
- [Creating a Custom Control Library Part 1](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/12/15/sapui5-custom-control-library-web-ide-development-deployment-to-hcp-and-to-on-premise-abap-repository.-part-1./) | [Part 2](https://blogs.sap.com/2016/12/20/sapui5-custom-control-library-web-ide-development-deployment-to-hcp-and-to-on-premise-abap-repository.-part-2./)

##### Operations
- [CI/CD Best Practices for UI5 on SAP Cloud Platform](https://www.sap.com/developer/tutorials/ci-best-practices-fiori-sapcp.html)
- [CI/CD Best Practices for UI5 on ABAP Front-End Server](https://www.sap.com/developer/tutorials/ci-best-practices-fiori-abap.html)

##### Developer Tools
- [How to export from WebIDE to Plunker](https://blogs.sap.com/2017/06/29/export-to-plunker-sap-web-ide-feature/)

#### Developer Tools
##### Boilerplate
- [OpenUI5 Gulp Starter Kit](https://github.com/pulseshift/openui5-gulp-starter-kit)

##### Develop
- [UI5 Autocomplete with Tern](https://github.com/TimoSta/tern-openui5)
- [UI5 Plugin for IntelliJ WebStorm](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10322-sap-open-ui5-development-plugin)
- [UI5 Plugin for Sublime Text](https://github.com/qmacro/SublimeUI5)
- [UI5 Plugin for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=milannankov.vscode-ui5)
- [OData Explorer](https://openui5.blogspot.com/2017/12/odata-explorer.html)
- [UI5 XML Schemas](https://github.com/ui5experts/ui5-schemas)

##### Build and Deploy
- [Grunt OpenUI5 Plugin (official)](https://github.com/SAP/grunt-openui5)
- [Grunt NW ABAP UI5 Uploader](https://www.npmjs.com/package/grunt-nwabap-ui5uploader)
- [Webpack OpenUI5 Plugin](https://github.com/cevou/openui5-webpack)

##### Debug
- [UI5 Inspector for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ui5-inspector/bebecogbafbighhaildooiibipcnbngo?hl=en)

#### Conferences
- [UI5con](http://openui5.org/ui5con/index.html)
- [UI5con on Twitter](https://twitter.com/ui5con)
